use descriptive link text for the Advanced SnarkyJS topics (#401)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/advanced-snarkyjs/events.mdx

# Events

> Events are _public_ arbitrary information that can be passed along with a transaction. If your zkApp allows users to publish a message, those messages could be events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events are _public_ arbitrary information that can be passed along with a transaction. If your zkApp allows users to publish a message, for example, those messages could be events.
```

> Another use case for events are zkApps that keep some large internal state and only store a commitment to that internal state on-chain. For example, a Merkle tree where only the root is stored in on-chain state. Events enable to attach the full information of state changes in transactions. In the Merkle tree example, this could mean sending any Merkle leaves that are changed by the transaction as events. An observer of these transactions can follow along and keep track of the full Merkle tree on their side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use case for events are zkApps that keep some large internal state and only store a commitment to that internal state on-chain. For example, a Merkle tree where only the root is stored in on-chain state. Events could be used to attach state changes to the transactions in full. In the Merkle tree example, this could mean sending any Merkle leaves that are changed by the transaction as events. An observer of these transactions can follow along and keep track of the full Merkle tree on their side.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion! wdyt?

Some other important facts about events:

> - Events are not stored on-chain. Only events from the most recent couple of transactions are retained by consensus nodes. After that, the events are discarded, but are still accessible on archive nodes. 

Author: another argument for timeless documentation... let's omit references to planned features and just write about what we support now
